the best or bmw yes i know that
advertising slogan is different that means that
best or nothing and he comes too
not from Munich but from Stuttgart
But that's exactly what the question is
the mercedes s-class still the best
car of the world or is that this
luxury liner the division attack
Anyway, it's in Munich again
Active the G11 so this car will be internal
called is the best we ever had
four wheels have bmw
visually not necessarily one now
revolution but under the hood
a lot has happened there
For example, this car has some respect
technical term an electromechanical
Chassis with roll compensation which means
that the driver tends no fourth curve
the car then it is almost
with in the curve pure so that in the
interior not so much of it anymore
mitbekommt cumbersome potholes
It all goes off lightning fast
This car is really meant to be a benchmark
puts in things comfort and yet one
driver car stay
I know it already has with others
cars given but just this quality
not yet claimed bmw
a new scale is this key
here yes I know that has it with me too
already given but at 7 as can the
a little bit extra
namely parking assistant if I have the
I do not have to spend extra money
be more in the car presses the button
and the car parked on its own
without me in the car sitting small
problem though
i can not handle this key easily
throw my colleague because if the
which does not catch then it costs
just about 300 euros
we come to what you have not been
was allowed to reinstate
my highlight continues with the
key you can stick it here
and then the inductively charged the
It just means so without cable you can
also put his smartphone in it
if it works otherwise it is
it remained a bmw it continues to exist
This big display knows this
we do
also these indicated round instruments
even though everything is digital here
that's nothing great new one now
has waived it as s
just great two big monitors rhine
to build
otherwise new is this fragrance dispenser
Here then when I press on it goes
one the display one can between 12
should choose
you can then install two in the car
and depending on how the intensity in
you should be able to get a new one
room fragrance can be used here
It would be very nice my highlight
However, that's the gesture control
quietly just loud by finger
turn the net or single
make loud for the whole day
a little jump to the back and here
can the budding or already
successful business people times right
extend that is with
massage soft pillows and man
can go long here highlight
however, the tablet is in the
center console small button pressure
it comes to meet you and then you can
you because everything served beautifully
climate control media control or to
Example simply say I would like to
have my rest and go
all too good night
Finally, we will come back to the
Prices and the engines because of the
Machine is very special at bmw
proudly, they do not only do a lot
they also do not consume much
start there will be a diesel with 265
ps the only four and a half liters to 100
that's supposed to swallow kilometers
really sensational
the eight-cylinder is installed here
then there is also the start of the coming
with 8.1 liters according to test bench training
that too is really good because 450 ps
It will then be a six-cylinder
Gasoline give that is the so to speak
city ​​motorization later it will be
still give a hybrid and certainly
also a twelve cylinder we come to the
praise at 81 1700 euro it starts the
means about 4000 euros above the predecessor
that's why it's so interesting
because the comparison between s class 7er
Quite often about the price
decided
now the seven will be a bit
more expensive times, if he then against the s
class can win as well
but we will actually only in the
then he can come
here in the market